Doxygen post rework (#49)
mpi-advance/locality_aware: README.md

- -DUSE_CUDA (Default off) <br>
	Build the library with cuda support. In order to use this option you will additionally need to provide the target Nvidia architecture. 
	The cuda architecture may already be set in the environment. If not it can be found by searching for the gpu model on Nvidia's [compute capability list](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-gpus) and supplying the compute capability as 
-DCMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES. You should ignore the decimal when supplying the architecture. For example: a GeForce RTX 4080 has a compute capability of 8.9 thus to build for it you would use `-DCMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES=89`.

- -DUSE_CUDA (Default off) <br>
- -DUSE_HIP <br>
	Build the library with HIP support. In order to use this option you will additionally need to provide the target gpu architecture. 
	The cuda architecture may already be set in the environment. If not it can be found by searching for the gpu model at  [ROCM capability list](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/en/latest/reference/gpu-arch-specs.html) and supplying the compute capability as 

- -DCMAKE_HIP_ARCHITECTURES. For example: -DCMAKE_HIP_ARCHITECTURES=gfx942

# Using the Library

## Linking

> All publicly available structs and API are included in include/locality.h. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All publicly available structs and APIs are included in `include/locality_aware.h`. 
```
